Menu configuration (improve documentation and test) (#871)
docToolchain/docToolchain: src/docs/015_tasks/03_task_generateSite.adoc

=== Menu

==== Navigation elements

The navigation is organized with following elements:

* A top level menu.

> * For each item of this top level menu, a navigation list on the left.

Author: Instead of `navigation list` other terms were suggested such as

* Section table of contents 
* Section sidebar
* Sidebar TOC (Table Of Contents)

Reviewer: "section sidebar" sounds good. I would like to avoid TOC, because it is not the document TOC as defined by AsciiDoc

Author: ```suggestion
* For each item of this top level menu, a section sidebar on the left.
```
